{
    "category": "搜索引擎", 
    "description": "<p>o   Core Ranking and Query Rewriting team: developing query intent understanding, ranking feature extraction, sorting and ranking algorithms that find and return the best available web results for queries performed on Bing. Understanding the user intent from few possibly ambiguous words is extremely hard and we are developing various techniques to be able to capture the user intent accurately. We also build techniques for understanding and extracting relevant information on web documents. We are heavily metrics driven for assessing various aspects of results relevance such as query intent understanding, diversity, freshness, authority, and relevance to user location and user experience.  </p><p>o    Whole Page Relevance team: responsible for the final look &amp; feel of every visible section on Bing Search Result Page (SERP).  We own a wide variety of features, which are directly customer facing and involve broad range of technologies.  They include data ETL pipeline and machine learning, relevance and answer ranking, rich UX, post-web triggering and whole page optimization, Ads monetization, and list of Auto-pilot / Azure based standalone tool systems.  </p>  o    Answers &amp; Semantics team:   working on answer development tools and semantic understanding technologies for Bing, Cortana and Office.  Our responsibility include the following.  1) Innovate new algorithms for discovery flow graph of answers and recommendation of relevant answers, especially for task completion;  2) Build toolkits and platform for answer life cycle management including design &amp; implementation, experiment, triage &amp; ship and maintain;  3) Develop query/document understanding features;  4) Develop content quality features.  <p>o    Speech output team:  working on understanding and harnessing the data on the internet to make them available to users through a natural user interface. The team is responsible for the following areas within the Cortana (小娜) personal assistance:  text to speech synthesis;  natural language generation;  and knowledge and data understanding.  </p>  o    Language Understanding team:  working on the Cortana personal assistant project, and will be extending the understanding capabilities to all Windows devices and many languages. In order to achieve the goal, we focus on the following areas:  1) Innovate new algorithms for domain/intent understanding, and entity extraction;  2) Integrate speech recognition, language understanding, and dialog engine;  3) Build toolkits and platform for automatic statistical model building, rule construction, scorecard, and error analysis;  4) Mine natural language data for enriching statistical models;   5) Investigate language scalability via machine translation or some other technologies.  <p>如感兴趣请将简历发送到邮箱  a-wewan@microsoft.com  </p>", 
    "title": "【微软招聘】互联网工程院核心搜索开发职位（北京或苏州）", 
    "company": "微软", 
    "publish-time": "2014-11-13", 
    "location": "北京", 
    "time-type": "全职"
}